Functional changes:
System for Temp HP which is listed separately in the hitpoint field in the table column (i.e. 14/18 + 8 temp) and in a third field in the hitpoint edit window.
Add a field for "Status" supporting arbitrary strings
Remove the 1..20 fallback in initiative field entirely and instead pass a dice roll (1d20) into the field if left empty so that it randomizes on a per-creature basis (like with the other integer fields).

Stylistic changes:
Change the highlighting from the deliberate choice of amber to the theme highlight color. This will fallback to GTK defaults as well.
Center the 'remove' buttons in their column
Titlebar buttons fade between states (hover, etc) when they should switch instantly when moused over or going inactive.
Vertical separator between hamburger menu and titlebar controls
Include theme directories ~/.themes/ or import path to applied theme directly. It seems like we should be using someone eles's theme applicator instead of building this ourselves.
Swap color palette for window background and initiative table foreground/column heads. It matches system theming better to have dark outside and lighter inside (see gnome-caluclator)

Rework:
After these changes are implemented, review the entire stack in a new thread context to document it without prior comment cruft and identify redundant or poorly structured elements that were shielded from rework by prior llm "explanations". The goal should be no docstrings over a single paragraph.

Stretch goal:
Define "Simple mode" (the program as defined so far) and "5e combat mode" 
Switch modes through a popover dropdown (like gnome-calculator modes) 
5e combat mode shows core stats (dex, str, con, wis, int, cha), and skill + saving throw modifiers + to-hit bonuses selected during creature creation for reference
    Auto-resolving combat, despite being *very cool* as an idea, would require a full set of 5e rules to account for reactions and other funky ability logic that would require a lot of definition, and copious options for override unless confidently complete. Not worth it for now.

Packaging and distribution:
Add rudimentary support for other Linux desktop environments (GNOME and KDE at a minimum, dark mode outside of cinnamon)
Add rudimentary support for other operating systems (stock GTK support on Windows and macOS with dark mode) as a portable executable
Ship portable executable for Linux: Distribute as .tar.gz and install to selected folder. That means the only files it should touch while running are at the temp path (this is true for cross-platform portable execs too) and save files (csv). If it's good enough for Blender, it's good enough for me.